---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "doit_allocation Data Source - terraform-provider-doit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Define how costs are distributed across your organization.
---

# doit_allocation (Data Source)

Define how costs are distributed across your organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve an allocation by its ID
data "doit_allocation" "example" {
  id = "your-allocation-id"
}

# Output allocation details
output "allocation_name" {
  value = data.doit_allocation.example.name
}

output "allocation_type" {
  value = data.doit_allocation.example.allocation_type
}

output "allocation_description" {
  value = data.doit_allocation.example.description
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Allocation ID

### Read-Only

- `allocation_type` (String) Composition type of allocation.
- `anomaly_detection` (Boolean) Whether anomaly detection is enabled for this allocation.
- `create_time` (Number) The time when the allocation was created (in UNIX timestamp).
- `description` (String) Allocation description.
- `name` (String) Allocation name.
- `rule` (Attributes) Single allocation rule. Components can reference other existing allocation rules by using the "allocation_rule" dimension type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule))
- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `type` (String) Type of allocation (preset or custom).
- `unallocated_costs` (String) Custom label for values that do not fit into allocation (required for group type allocation).
- `update_time` (Number) Last time the allocation was modified (in UNIX timestamp).

<a id="nestedatt--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Read-Only:

- `components` (Attributes List) List of allocation filter components. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--components))
- `formula` (String) Formula for combining components (A is the first component, B is the second one, etc.).

<a id="nestedatt--rule--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.components`

Read-Only:

- `include_null` (Boolean) Include null values.
- `inverse_selection` (Boolean) If true, all selected values will be excluded.
- `key` (String) Key of an existing dimension. Examples: "billing_account_id", "country". When type is "allocation_rule", the key must be set to "allocation_rule".
- `mode` (String) Filter mode to apply. When type is "allocation_rule", only "is" and "contains" modes are supported.
- `type` (String) Enumeration of supported dimension/filter types for allocation components.
- `values` (List of String) Values to filter on. When type is "allocation_rule", the values are IDs of existing allocation rules.



<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Action to perform with this rule.
- `components` (Attributes List) List of allocation filter components (required for 'create' or 'update' action). Can include components of type "allocation_rule" to reference existing allocation rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--components))
- `description` (String) Description of the allocation rule.
- `formula` (String) Formula for combining components (A is the first component, B is the second one, etc.)
- `id` (String) ID of existing allocation (required for 'update' or 'select' action).
- `name` (String) Name of the allocation rule.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.components`

Read-Only:

- `include_null` (Boolean) Include null values.
- `inverse_selection` (Boolean) If true, all selected values will be excluded.
- `key` (String) Key of an existing dimension. Examples: "billing_account_id", "country". When type is "allocation_rule", the key must be set to "allocation_rule".
- `mode` (String) Filter mode to apply. When type is "allocation_rule", only "is" and "contains" modes are supported.
- `type` (String) Enumeration of supported dimension/filter types for allocation components.
- `values` (List of String) Values to filter on. When type is "allocation_rule", the values are IDs of existing allocation rules.
