---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "doit_cloud_incidents Data Source - terraform-provider-doit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Incidents track service disruptions and outages from cloud providers.
---

# doit_cloud_incidents (Data Source)

Cloud Incidents track service disruptions and outages from cloud providers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all cloud incidents
data "doit_cloud_incidents" "all" {
}

# Filter cloud incidents by platform
data "doit_cloud_incidents" "gcp_only" {
  filter = "platform:google-cloud"
}

output "incident_count" {
  value = data.doit_cloud_incidents.all.row_count
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (String) An expression for filtering the results. The syntax is `key:[<value>]`. Multiple filters can be connected using a pipe |. See [Filters](https://developer.doit.com/docs/filters).
- `max_creation_time` (String) Max value for the cloud incident creation time, in milliseconds since the POSIX epoch. If set, only cloud incidents created before or at this
timestamp are returned.
- `max_results` (Number) The maximum number of results to return in a single page. Leverage the page tokens to iterate through the entire collection.
- `min_creation_time` (String) Min value for the cloud incident creation time, in milliseconds since the POSIX epoch. If set, only cloud incidents created after or at this timestamp are returned.
- `page_token` (String) Page token, returned by a previous call, to request the next page   of results

### Read-Only

- `incidents` (Attributes List) Array of cloud incidents (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--incidents))
- `row_count` (Number) Cloud incidents rows count

<a id="nestedatt--incidents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `incidents`

Read-Only:

- `create_time` (Number) The time when this cloud incident was created, in milliseconds since the epoch.
- `id` (String) cloud incident id, uniquely identifying the cloud incident
- `platform` (String) The Cloud Platform
- `product` (String) The name of the product affected by the cloud incident
- `status` (String) The Status of the issue
- `title` (String) Cloud incident name as provided by the cloud platform vendor
