---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "doit_allocation Resource - terraform-provider-doit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Allocations allow you to define how costs are distributed across your organization. They are used for reports, budgets, alerts, anomalies, and more.
---

# doit_allocation (Resource)

Allocations allow you to define how costs are distributed across your organization. They are used for reports, budgets, alerts, anomalies, and more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create an allocation for the development environment based on a project label
resource "doit_allocation" "allocation_dev" {
  name        = "Dev"
  description = "Development Environment"
  rule = {
    formula = "A"
    components = [{
      mode   = "is"
      type   = "project_label"
      key    = "env"
      values = ["dev"]
    }]
  }
}

# Create an allocation for your dev GKE clusters in the US
resource "doit_allocation" "allocation_dev_clusters_us" {
  name        = "Dev Clusters US"
  description = "Development GKE Clusters in the US"
  rule = {
    formula = "A AND B"
    components = [
      {
        include_null = true
        mode         = "is"
        type         = "fixed"
        key          = "kubernetes_cluster_name"
        values       = ["dev"]
      },
      {
        key  = "country"
        mode = "is"
        type = "fixed"
        values = [
          "US",
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Allocation description
- `name` (String) Allocation name

### Optional

- `rule` (Attributes) Single allocation rule (required for single type allocation) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule))
- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `unallocated_costs` (String) Custom label for any values that do not fit into allocation (required for group type allocation)

### Read-Only

- `allocation_type` (String) Type of allocation (single or group)
- `anomaly_detection` (Boolean) Whether anomaly detection is enabled for this allocation
- `create_time` (Number) The time when the allocation was created (in UNIX timestamp).
- `id` (String) ID of the created allocation
- `type` (String) Type of the created allocation
- `update_time` (Number) Last time the allocation was modified (in UNIX timestamp).

<a id="nestedatt--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `components` (Attributes List) List of allocation filter components (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--components))
- `formula` (String) Formula for combining components (A is the first component, B is the second one, etc.)

<a id="nestedatt--rule--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.components`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of a dimension. Examples: "billing_account_id", "country", etc.  Dimension must exist.
- `mode` (String) Filter mode to apply
Possible values: `is`, `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `contains`, `regexp`
- `type` (String) Type of dimension or filter field.
Possible values: `datetime`, `fixed`, `optional`, `label`, `tag`, `project_label`, `system_label`, `attribution`, `attribution_group`, `gke`, `gke_label`
- `values` (List of String)

Optional:

- `include_null` (Boolean) Include null values
- `inverse_selection` (Boolean) If true, all selected values will be excluded.



<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `action` (String) Action to perform with this rule
Possible values: `create`, `update`, `select`

Optional:

- `components` (Attributes List) List of allocation filter components (required for 'create' or 'update' action) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--components))
- `description` (String) Description for the allocation rule
- `formula` (String) Formula for combining components (A is the first component, B is the second one, etc.)
- `id` (String) ID of existing allocation (required for 'update' or 'select' action)
- `name` (String) Name for the allocation rule

<a id="nestedatt--rules--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.components`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of a dimension. Examples: "billing_account_id", "country", etc.  Dimension must exist.
- `mode` (String) Filter mode to apply
Possible values: `is`, `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `contains`, `regexp`
- `type` (String) Type of dimension or filter field.
Possible values: `datetime`, `fixed`, `optional`, `label`, `tag`, `project_label`, `system_label`, `attribution`, `attribution_group`, `gke`, `gke_label`
- `values` (List of String)

Optional:

- `include_null` (Boolean) Include null values
- `inverse_selection` (Boolean) If true, all selected values will be excluded.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import doit_allocation.allocation [id]
```
