---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "doit_budget Resource - terraform-provider-doit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Budgets allow you to monitor and control your cloud spending by setting limits and alerts.
---

# doit_budget (Resource)

Budgets allow you to monitor and control your cloud spending by setting limits and alerts.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create an attribution for the budget
resource "doit_attribution" "attribution" {
  name        = "My Attribution"
  description = "My Attribution Description"
  formula     = "A"
  components  = [{ type = "fixed", key = "project_id", values = ["847764956835"] }] # Note that 'project_id' is also used for AWS account IDs
}

# Create a timestamp for the start period
resource "time_static" "now" {
  rfc3339 = "2025-12-01T16:52:23.000Z"
}

resource "doit_budget" "my_budget" {
  name          = "test budget terraform"
  currency      = "AUD"
  type          = "recurring"
  amount        = 100
  time_interval = "month"
  start_period  = time_static.now.unix * 1000 # This is a UNIX timestamp in milliseconds
  recipients = [
    "me@company.com"
  ]
  collaborators = [
    {
      "email" : "me@company.com",
      "role" : "owner"
    },
  ]
  scope = [
    doit_attribution.attri.id
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `currency` (String) Budget currency. Possibe values are:
'USD'
'ILS'
'EUR'
'AUD'
'CAD'
'GBP'
'DKK'
'NOK'
'SEK'
'BRL'
'SGD'
'MXN'
'CHF'
'MYR'
'TWD'
'EGP'
'ZAR'
'JPY'
'IDR'
'AED'
'COP'
'THB'
- `name` (String) Budget Name
- `scope` (List of String) List of attributions that defines that budget scope
- `start_period` (Number) Budget start Date, in milliseconds since the epoch.
- `type` (String) Budget type can be one of: ["fixed", "recurring"]

### Optional

- `alerts` (Attributes List) List of up to three thresholds defined as percentage of amount (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alerts))
- `amount` (Number) Budget period amount. Required if usePrevSpend is false.
- `collaborators` (Attributes List) List of permitted users to view/edit the report (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collaborators))
- `description` (String) Budget description
- `end_period` (Number) Fixed budget end date. Required if budget type is fixed. In milliseconds since the epoch.
- `growth_per_period` (Number) Periodical growth percentage in recurring budget
- `metric` (String) Budget metric  - currently fixed to "cost"
- `public` (String) Public
- `recipients` (List of String) List of emails to notify when reaching alert threshold
- `recipients_slack_channels` (Attributes List) List of slack channels to notify when reaching alert threshold (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recipients_slack_channels))
- `time_interval` (String) Recurring budget interval can be on of:["day", "week", "month", "quarter","year]"
- `use_prev_spend` (Boolean) Use the last period's spend as the target amount for recurring budgets

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Budget ID
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update ofthe budget group.

<a id="nestedatt--alerts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alerts`

Required:

- `percentage` (Number) Percentage of the budget amount


<a id="nestedatt--collaborators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collaborators`

Required:

- `email` (String) Email of the collaborator
- `role` (String) Role of the collaborator


<a id="nestedatt--recipients_slack_channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recipients_slack_channels`

Required:

- `customer_id` (String) Customer ID
- `id` (String) Slack channel ID
- `name` (String) Slack channel name
- `shared` (Boolean) Whether the channel is shared
- `type` (String) Type of the channel
- `workspace` (String) Slack workspace
