---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "doit_label Resource - terraform-provider-doit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage labels to organize and categorize your cloud resources.
---

# doit_label (Resource)

Create and manage labels to organize and categorize your cloud resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a simple label
resource "doit_label" "infrastructure" {
  name  = "Infrastructure"
  color = "blue"
}

# Create a label for cost tracking
resource "doit_label" "cost_center_engineering" {
  name  = "Cost Center: Engineering"
  color = "teal"
}

# Create a label for environment categorization
resource "doit_label" "production" {
  name  = "Production"
  color = "rosePink"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `color` (String) The color of the label.
Possible values: `blue`, `skyBlue`, `teal`, `mint`, `lime`, `softYellow`, `apricot`, `lavender`, `purple`, `rosePink`, `slateGrey`
- `name` (String) The name of the label.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) The time when the label was created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the label.
- `type` (String) The type of the label (custom or preset).
- `update_time` (String) The time when the label was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import doit_label.label [id]
```
